@gasket/plugin-doc-graphs (#135)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-docs-graph/README.md

# @gasket/plugin-docs-graph

> The plugin enables hooks **docsGraph** lifecycle to provide a [`mermaid`] graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin hooks the **docsGenerate** lifecycle to provide a [`mermaid`] graph
```

of a given application's lifecycles.

## Installation

#### New apps

```

> gasket create <app-name> --plugins @gasket/plugin-docs-graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gasket create <app-name> --plugins @gasket/plugin-docs,@gasket/plugin-docs-graph
```
